Added support for providing arbitrary IdP configuration that will be … (#4013)
dfe-analytical-services/explore-education-statistics: README.md

3. Start the Admin project and this will configure the contained users' permissions via database migrations. The other 
   projects will then be able to be started, using their own contained users to connect to the databases. 

### Setting up an Identity Provider

The project uses an OpenID Connect Identity Provider to allow login to the Admin service.

> For team members, Azure AD configuration is available alongside other project passwords with the title `Azure AD IdP 
configuration`. Place the contents of this into [appsettings.Idp.json](
src/GovUk.Education.ExploreEducationStatistics.Admin\appsettings.Idp.json) and start Admin normally.

An out-of-the-box IdP is provided for ease of setup which runs [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/) in a Docker container 
and contains a number of users for different roles. The [appsettings.Keycloak.json](
src/GovUk.Education.ExploreEducationStatistics.Admin\appsettings.Keycloak.json) configuration file contains the details for 
connecting Admin to this IdP.

> Alternatively, you can provide your own OpenID Connect configuration in the gitignored [appsettings.Idp.json](

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can provide your own OpenID Connect configuration in the git ignored [appsettings.Idp.json](
```

Author: Updated the text thanks

docker-compose up --build --force-recreate idp
```

#### Using a different Identity Provider

> If you have your own OpenID Connect IdP set up, you can provide its configuration in the gitignored 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have your own OpenID Connect IdP set up, you can provide its configuration in the git ignored 
```

Author: Updated the text to be clearer, thanks

on startup that are specified in the 
[src\GovUk.Education.ExploreEducationStatistics.Admin\appsettings.KeycloakBootstrapUsers.json](
src\GovUk.Education.ExploreEducationStatistics.Admin\appsettings.KeycloakBootstrapUsers.json) file.

This allows immediate use of the service with Keycloak against an empty database, as corresponding users will
now be in both Keycloak and in the SQL Server database.

#### Using multiple Identity Providers and user configurations

Alternatively you can provide any number of different OpenID Connect IdP configurations and bootstrap user lists 
by providing files like `src\GovUk.Education.ExploreEducationStatistics.Admin\appsettings.{NameOfYourIdentityProvider}.json` 
and optionally a set of users' email addresses who you want to access the system straight away in a file called 
`src\GovUk.Education.ExploreEducationStatistics.Admin\appsettings.{NameOfYourIdentityProvider}BootstrapUsers.json`.  

Then set the environment variables:

```
IdpProviderConfiguration={NameOfYourIdentityProvider}
BootstrapUsersConfiguration={NameOfYourIdentityProvider}BootstrapUsers
```

> and start up Admin wih these environment variables set. This allows you to more easily switch between different IdP 

Author: Updated ta
